W-18543699 gen api specs (#464)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/api-ai-design-spec.adoc

= Designing API Specs with AI
:page-deployment-options: cloud-ide, desktop-ide

Simplify your API designs by generating API specifications with AI. Use natural language to create prompts and let Einstein Generative AI build APIs for you. Pre-trained large language models (LLMs) within the Salesforce Shared Trust Boundary power these capabilities and are at the core of API spec generation in Anypoint Code Builder.

> NOTE: Agentforce for Anypoint Code Builder Generative AI API specifications is available on US, EU, Canada, and Japan cloud hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Anypoint Code Builder Generative AI API specifications is available on US, EU, Canada, and Japan cloud hosts.
```

== Trust Layer

> The Agentforce trust layer bridges Anypoint Platform and the LLMs, as shown in this flow: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generative AI trust layer bridges Anypoint Platform and the LLMs, as shown in this flow: 
```

image::acb-einstein-trust-layer.png["Flow depicting how the trust layer works, including the steps of the flow"]

[calloutlist]
. The Anypoint Code Builder user creates a message based on their use case and sends it to Agentforce.  
. To minimize inaccurate responses (the AI "hallucination" effect), messages are grounded with factual MuleSoft proprietary data and user context.
. To ensure the data is sent safely to the external LLM, the message is sent to Open AI via the secure gateway. 
. To keep your data secure, all data remains in Salesforce.  
. After the LLM generates a response, the content is sent back through the secure gateway.
. MuleSoft validates the generated output to ensure the generated flow works within the MuleSoft ecosystem. 
. Anypoint Code Builder logs the message and generated responses for monitoring before surfacing the validated response in Anypoint Code Builder.

[IMPORTANT]

> This feature uses generative AI, which is known to include inaccurate or harmful responses. Before implementing this feature, review the output for accuracy and safety. You assume responsibility for the output when making business decisions.

Reviewer: Great!
